#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass scrartcl
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{multicol}

\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{listings}

\usepackage{color}
\lstset{tabsize=2, breaklines=true, 
  breakatwhitespace=true,
  language=R,
  captionpos=b,
  frame=single,
  framerule=0.2pt,
  framesep=1pt,
  numbers=left,
  numberstyle=\tiny,
  numbersep=5pt,
  showstringspaces=false,
  basicstyle=\footnotesize,
  identifierstyle=\color{magenta},
  keywordstyle=\bfseries,
  commentstyle=\color{darkgreen},
  stringstyle=\color{red},
  backgroundcolor=\color[gray]{0.97}
}
\hypersetup{
   urlcolor=blue,
   citecolor=black
}

\usepackage{caption}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
logicalmkup
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "lmodern" "default"
\font_sans "lmss" "default"
\font_typewriter "lmtt" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf2
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize letterpaper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip smallskip
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
POLS 320 - US21 - Discussion Board Prompts
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Patrick Gauding
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
L1 Discussion Board
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
How much government intrusion into daily life is acceptable? Do you think
 government is morally or ethically obligated to address some questions?
 If so, what are some examples?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
L2 Discussion Board
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There has been a lot of debate recently regarding the level of public assistance
 that should go to the poor and the related question of personal responsibility.
 Should we move in the direction of less public support for the poor? If
 so, what are the implications? If not, what should be done?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
L3 Discussion Board
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Should education and environmental policies remain primarily a state and
 local government concern, or should the federal government be involved?
 What are the arguments for the federal government to be more involved in
 education and environmental policy? What advantages do states have in maintaini
ng their responsibility in these policy areas?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
L4 Discussion Board
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Much of the policy analysis that is used in public debates today comes from
 interest groups that are strongly committed to one side of the issue or
 another or from think tanks that espouse a particular ideology on the left
 or the right.
 Do you think these policy commitments make the quality of the analysis
 suspect? Why or why not?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
L5 Discussion Board
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Consider the use of policy tools (p.
 158) such as authority tools, inducements or sanctions, capacity building,
 hortatory, and learning tools in the problem of texting and driving.
 Which of these tools might be the most effective in reducing cell phone
 use or texting by drivers? Why do you think so? Do you think these tools
 would be more or less effective applied to another issue, say drug consumption?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
L6 Discussion Board
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Watch 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "this video"
target "http://youtu.be/v4u0fc8qXy8"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 before posting.
 Drug courts have been shown to be an efficient way to deal with persons
 having drug offenses.
 They are shown to be effective in reducing recidivism and to save government
 money.
 After watching the video, what is your view of this policy tool, the drug
 court? Why aren’t they more prevalent? What issues might prevent a community
 from having a drug court?
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
